This document is intended only as a notes page for the team.
Things we need:

Template (header, nav, and footer)
Home page

Pets up for adoption (Consider grid format, should comprise of blocks that detail age, species, estimated birthday and age, and sex)
Stories (Pargraphs of creative writing about animal rescue, should include links to donations and adoptions pages afterwords)
Donations page (State where the donations go, 501c3 status, and anchor select boxes for pre-determined amounts, and a text field for custom amount)
Animal Care Policy (Creative writing for animal care policy, and maybe a link to contact_us page in case they have questions)

About us (List our mission statement and team members)
Contact us (Address, phone number, email, Google maps link)

We will also need to upload 1 site map and 1 wireframe of the home page.

Color Pallete:
I was thinking we would use:
#F5F5F5 (Light-Grey, almost white)
#FFFD77 (Washed-out yellow)
#429EB3 (Teal)
#ED1C24 (Red)
#220F2E (Dark-Purple, almost black)

EVERYBODY NEEDS TO MAKE A PORTFOLIO PAGE
Aramis Hahne: My git is configured. (Care policy, and contact us (Embedded Map), and ) (Home: favicon and icon, help with main)
Michael Hoff: I believe my git is configured. I guess I'll find out in class. (Donations, About) (Home: Navbar)
PJ will be doing (stories) (Home: help with main)
Andrew Webster (Git Configured ✓) (Adoptions (bootstrap)) (Home: Footer)




Copied From Canvas
Your team's website MUST include:

Requirements not per page (specific):
(✓) Use the CSS Grid Layout somewhere on the Home page
(✓) Include a social Media Icon for Facebook and Twitter on the HOME page only
(✓) (Bootstrap in Nav and Adoptions) Use Bootstrap for 2 different elements(ie. Navbar, Images)
(✓) Use of <id>
(✓) Use of <class>
(✓) Style your <div id>
(✓) Style your class
(✓) Embed a map on one of the pages.
(1 on index) Use of 2 different pseudo-classes somewhere on your pages
(✓) One page that includes a table, such as numbers from a spreadsheet, price sheet, or a comparison chart. (use pseudo element on the table)
Include a form with different inputs (ie. checkbox, radio, textarea, password, etc.) but it MUST have at least 4 different inputs as well as a SUBMIT button
(1 in stories) You need to have at least 2 JavaScript functions associated with your pages on different pages
(Index has animation (transform: scale), need 1 more) Include an animation on 2 different images (2 different pages)
(✓) Add a border somewhere on your pages (box border, table, etc.)
(✓) EXTRA CREDIT: Add audio or video to your site and make it applicable to your pages, (it should enhance your pages). (10 points)


Requirements per page:
Must have Responsive Design. Start with mobile first
Enough content to appear complete
Each person in the group must complete 2 pages (Home page is not counted as an individual page as the GROUP should be working together on this page).  One of these pages is a personal portfolio (resume) for a total of 2. The portfolio should look professional and have actual content. This content can be totally made up if you wish but you do need to include a picture of yourself on your portfolio.
Use comments that explain what each section does
Each page should include proper text headings and typographical hierarchy (i.e. font family and the words should look good)
Pull in one font family and use it on your page
Include at least 1 unique image on each of the pages with appropriate wrapping
(✓) (Use the template) A standard navigation bar on one line AND include a hamburger option for small devices
At the bottom of each page, name of team member that worked on that page, and a link to their portfolio page
Common CSS styling on each page linked via an external style sheet file, pages should NOT be identical but should have the same look
Include a background color consistent with look and feel of site or company color
Media Query for Tablet with 2 different styles applied of your choice
Media Query for Desktop with 2 different styles applied of your choice and not used above
Other styles as appropriate to make pages feel complete


Care policy Notes:
Creating a safe haven brimming with affection and attention for needy animals is our heartfelt mission here at Iron County Humane Animal Shelter. Providing every single furry friend with an opportunity at leading a happy and healthy existence is what drives us forward. Our commitment towards achieving this goal remains unwavering. Rescuing abandoned and mistreated animals is a top priority for our dedicated team of animal enthusiasts who work hard to find them loving forever homes. Our provision of love and care enables them to prosper. At our core lies a genuine passion for animal welfare which fuels our unwavering belief in treating every single one of them with the utmost respect and compassion. The promotion of responsible pet ownership and raising public consciousness around vital animal welfare concerns are things that we actively collaborate on with local communities. Our end objective is to establish a planet where animals are appreciated and esteemed and each one of them discovers an affectionate and nurturing permanent abode.At Iron County Humane Animal Shelter, we make it a priority to provide exceptional care for all animals in need. By collaborating with empathy and commitment we can create a beneficial effect on the lives of animals in distress. We are determined to transform our convictions into actuality and will persistently strive towards constructing a more promising future for these valuable beings.
